Move Azure Container Apps to mounted secrets for all deployments (#299)
1Password/scim-examples: azure-container-apps/ADVANCED.md

> # Advanced details for your 1Password SCIM Bridge on Azure Container Apps

Reviewer: To adhere to our style elsewhere:

```suggestion
# Advanced details for 1Password SCIM Bridge on Azure Container Apps
```

_Learn how to deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge on the [Azure Container Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/container-apps/#overview) service._

> This guide goes into more advanced cusomtizations or configurations for the Azure Container App deployment of your 1Password SCIM Bridge. There are a few benefits to deploying 1Password SCIM Bridge on Azure Container Apps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you can learn about advanced customizations for the Azure Container App deployment of your SCIM bridge. There are a few benefits to deploying 1Password SCIM Bridge on Azure Container Apps:
```

- **Low cost:** For standard deployments, the service will host your SCIM bridge for ~$16 USD/month (as of January 2024). Container Apps pricing is variable based on activity, and you can learn more on [Microsoft's pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/container-apps/).
- **Automatic DNS record management:** You don't need to manage a DNS record. Azure Container Apps automatically provides a unique one for your SCIM bridge domain.
- **Automatic TLS certificate management:** Azure Container Apps automatically handles TLS certificate management on your behalf.
- **Multiple deployment options:** The SCIM bridge can be deployed directly to Azure from the Portal using [this guide](README.md) or via the Azure Shell or command line tools in your local terminal using the [support guide](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-azure/). If you're using a custom deployment, cloning this repository is recommended.

**Table of contents:**

- [Resource recommendations](#resource-recommendations)
- [Customize your deployment](#customize-your-deployment)
- [Get help](#get-help)

> - [Updating your SCIM Bridge](#updating-your-scim-bridge-in-the-azure-cloud-shell)

Reviewer: Hmm, why is this section under get help? It should be its own H2. Also the title [shouldn't use -ing](https://support.1password.com/style-guide/#-ing-words) if possible:

```suggestion
- [Update your SCIM Bridge](#update-your-scim-bridge-in-the-azure-cloud-shell)
```

| Volume    | Number of users | CPU   | memory |
| --------- | --------------- | ----- | ------ |
| Default   | <1,000          | 0.25  | 0.5Gi  |
| High      | 1,000–5,000     | 0.5   | 1.0Gi  |
| Very high | >5,000          | 1.0   | 1.0Gi  |

If you're provisioning more than 1,000 users, update the resources assigned to the SCIM bridge container to follow these recommendations. The resources specified for the Redis container don't need to be adjusted.

> [!TIP]
> Learn more about [Container App Name (`ConAppName`) variable requirements](#container-app-name-requirements) that are referenced in the commands below. Copy the following command to a text editor and replace `$ConAppName` and `$ResourceGroup` with the names from your deployment similar to how you did originally in our [deployment guide](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-azure/#22-define-variables). 

### Default deployment

If you're provisioning up to 1,000 users, run the following command to reset the specs back to the default:

```bash
az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge --cpu 0.25 --memory 0.5Gi
```

> To udpate back to the defaults within the Azure Portal: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update back to the defaults within the Azure Portal: 
```

1. Within Container App from the [Azure Container Apps Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps), select **Containers** from the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**.
3. Select the checkbox next to your **op-scim-bridge** container, then choose **Edit**.
4. Set the **CPU cores** to `0.25` and the **Memory (Gi)** to `0.5`.
5. Click **Save**, then click **Create**.

### High-volume deployment

If you're provisioning between 1,000 and 5,000 users, run the following command:

```bash
az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge --cpu 0.5 --memory 1.0Gi
```

> To udpate to the high-volume within the Azure Portal: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the high-volume within the Azure Portal: 
```

1. Within Container App from the [Azure Container Apps Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps), select **Containers** from the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**.
3. Select the checkbox next to your **op-scim-bridge** container, then choose **Edit**.
4. Set the **CPU cores** to `0.5` and the **Memory (Gi)** to `1.0`.
5. Click **Save**, then click **Create**.

### Very high-volume deployment

If you're provisioning more than 5,000 users, run the following command:

```bash
az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge --cpu 1.0 --memory 1.0Gi
```

> To udpate to the very high-volume within the Azure Portal: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the very high-volume within the Azure Portal: 
```

1. Within Container App from the [Azure Container Apps Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps), select **Containers** from the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**.
3. Select the checkbox next to your **op-scim-bridge** container, then choose **Edit**.
4. Set the **CPU cores** to `1.0` and the **Memory (Gi)** to `1.0`.
5. Click **Save**, then click **Create**.

> ## Customize your deployment

Reviewer: There are a lot of sub-headers here. Could we make them all <details> elements so they're collapsible and the article isn't as long to skim? The previous section may also be nicer with this.

> 

Reviewer: I think this section needs some sort of introduction...

Author: Good callout, I will add this in.

Author: Added wording we used in the K8 README.md for this section in the latest commit.

> [!TIP]

> > Copy the following command(s) below to set certain enviornment variables, define these variables again to align to your deployment similar to how you did originally in our [deployment guide](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-azure/#22-define-variables). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Copy the following commands to set certain environment variables, then define these variables to align to your deployment like you did in the [deployment guide](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-azure/#22-define-variables) before you run the commands.
```

> Alternatively you can add the environment variables through Azure Portal as detailed below.

### Confirmation Interval

Use the OP_CONFIRMATION_INTERVAL environment variable to set how often the ConfirmationWatcher component runs in seconds. The minimum
interval is 30 seconds. If not set, the default value of 300 seconds (5 minutes) is used.

For example set `OP_CONFIRMATION_INTERVAL` to `30` to have the ConfirmationWatcher running every 30 seconds.

```bash
az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge --set-env-vars OP_CONFIRMATION_INTERVAL=30
```

> To udpate within the Azure Portal: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update within the Azure Portal: 
```

1. Within Container App from the [Azure Container Apps Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps), select **Containers** from the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**.
3. Select the checkbox next to your **op-scim-bridge** container, then choose **Edit**.
4. Add a new **Environment variable**, using the **name** of `OP_CONFIRMATION_INTERVAL`, the **source** of **Manual entry** and enter the time in seconds for the **value**
5. Click **Save**, then click **Create**.

### Colorful logs

Use the OP_PRETTY_LOGS environment variable to set `OP_PRETTY_LOGS` to `1` to colorize container logs.

```bash
az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge --set-env-vars OP_PRETTY_LOGS=1
```

> To udpate within the Azure Portal: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update within the Azure Portal: 
```

1. Within Container App from the [Azure Container Apps Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps), select **Containers** from the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**.
3. Select the checkbox next to your **op-scim-bridge** container, then choose **Edit**.
4. Add a new **Environment variable**, using the **name** of `OP_PRETTY_LOGS`, the **source** of **Manual entry** and enter `1` for the **value**
5. Click **Save**, then click **Create**.

### JSON logs

By default, container logs are output in a human-readable format. Set the environment variable `OP_JSON_LOGS` to `1` for newline-delimited JSON logs.

```bash
az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge --set-env-vars OP_JSON_LOGS=1
```

> To udpate within the Azure Portal: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update within the Azure Portal: 
```

1. Within Container App from the [Azure Container Apps Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps), select **Containers** from the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**.
3. Select the checkbox next to your **op-scim-bridge** container, then choose **Edit**.
4. Add a new **Environment variable**, using the **name** of `OP_JSON_LOGS`, the **source** of **Manual entry** and enter `1` for the **value**
5. Click **Save**, then click **Create**.

This can be useful for capturing structured logs.

### Debug logs

Set the environment variable `OP_DEBUG` to `1` to enable debug level logging:

```bash
az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge --set-env-vars OP_DEBUG=1
```

> To udpate within the Azure Portal: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update within the Azure Portal: 
```

1. Within Container App from the [Azure Container Apps Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps), select **Containers** from the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**.
3. Select the checkbox next to your **op-scim-bridge** container, then choose **Edit**.
4. Add a new **Environment variable**, using the **name** of `OP_DEBUG`, the **source** of **Manual entry** and enter `1` for the **value**
5. Click **Save**, then click **Create**.

This may be useful for troubleshooting, or when contacting 1Password Support.

### Trace logs

Set the environment variable `OP_TRACE` to `1` to enable trace level debug output in the logs:

```bash
az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge --set-env-vars OP_TRACE=1
```

> To udpate within the Azure Portal: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update within the Azure Portal: 
```

1. Within Container App from the [Azure Container Apps Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps), select **Containers** from the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**.
3. Select the checkbox next to your **op-scim-bridge** container, then choose **Edit**.
4. Add a new **Environment variable**, using the **name** of `OP_TRACE`, the **source** of **Manual entry** and enter `1` for the **value**
5. Click **Save**, then click **Create**.

This may be useful for troubleshooting issues.

## Get help

### Region support

When you create or deploy the Container App Environment, Azure may present an error that the region isn't supported. You can review Azure documentation to make sure the region you selected supports [Azure Container Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/explore/global-infrastructure/products-by-region/?regions=all&products=container-apps).

> ### Container App Operational Insights error

Reviewer: In that case let's leave it here. I'll move the one below to AKB.

> Some customers receive an error when creating the Azure Container App Environment stating that the subscription is not registered for Microsoft.OperationalInsights resource provider. This error occurs if the Operational Insights which is used by Log Analytics workspace for Container Apps has never been enabled within the subscription. Run the command shown in the error: 

Reviewer: What's the error actually say? We should quote it if possible. For example:

```suggestion
If you see a "subscription not registered for Microsoft.OperationalInsights resource provider" error when you create the Azure Container App Environment, run the command shown in the error to resolve this issue:
```

Author: Error is: `Subscription _______ is not registered for the Microsoft.OperationaInsights resource provider. Please run "az provider register -n Microsoft.OperationalInsights --wait"`

```
az provider register -n Microsoft.OperationalInsights --wait
```
Once the command is completed, you will need to re-run the [command to create the Container App Environment](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-azure/#24-create-the-container-app-environment) again, so the command completes successfully with the Log Analystics workspace. 

> ### Container App working with multiple subscriptions

Reviewer: Similar to the other error, this could be in the AKB article if you think it merits it. Unless it's minimally-encountered.

Author: This error is seen more often by customers. So I think AKB should be a good call out for this one. 
`Subscription _______ is not registered for the Microsoft.OperationaInsights resource provider. Please run "az provider register -n Microsoft.OperationalInsights --wait"`

Reviewer: Okay great. I'll add it there, so you can take it out of this article :)

> If your are using an existing resource group or have multiple subsriptions within your Azure Cloud environment, you may receive errors stating that the subscription or the resource group can not be found. Use the following command to set your subscription within your Shell. Alternatively you can add the `--subscription <subsciptionIDorName>` to every `az` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using an existing resource group or have multiple subscriptions within your Azure Cloud environment, you may see errors stating that the subscription or the resource group cannot be found. Use the following command to set your subscription within your Shell. Alternatively you can add the `--subscription <subsciptionIDorName>` to every `az` command.
```

Also, is this the same command for Bash and PowerShell?

Author: yes, this would be the same for both shells.

```
az account set --subscription <subsciptionIDorName>
```

### Container App Name requirements

Your Container App Name (the `ConAppName` variable) can contain lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens. It must be 2 to 32 characters long, cannot start or end with a hyphen, and cannot start with a number. [Learn more about the naming rules and restrictions for Azure resources](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/resource-name-rules#microsoftapp).

> ### Viewing logs in Azure Container Apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### View logs in Azure Container Apps
```

> You can [view logs for a container app](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/container-apps/log-streaming?tabs=bash#view-log-streams-via-the-azure-portal) in the **Log Stream** area of your environment or container app in the Azure portal. If you're having an issue starting up the SCIM bridge, reviewing the **op-scim-bridge** container logs can help you identify the problem.

Reviewer: Let's just tell them what to do if possible 😄

```suggestion
To view logs for your container app, click **Log Stream** on your environment or container app page. If you're having an issue deploying the SCIM bridge, review the `op-scim-bridge` container logs to identify the problem. Learn more about [viewing log streams](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/container-apps/log-streaming?tabs=bash#view-log-streams-via-the-azure-portal)
```

    - **Bash**:

        ```bash
        az containerapp secret set \
            --name $ConAppName \
            --resource-group $ResourceGroup \
            --secrets scimsession="$(cat $HOME/scimsession)"
        ```

    - **PowerShell**:

        ```pwsh
        az containerapp secret set `
            --name $ConAppName `
            --resource-group $ResourceGroup `
            --secrets scimsession="$(Get-Content $HOME/scimsession)"
        ```

3. Copy and paste the following command, which will have the `op-scim-bridge` container read the new secret. Replace `$ConAppName` and `$ResourceGroup` with the names from your deployment, then run the command.
    ```bash
    az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge --query properties.latestRevisionName
    ```

    Update the revsion name to use the output of the above command
    ```
    az containerapp revision restart -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --revision revisionName
    ```

4. Open your SCIM bridge URL in a browser and enter your bearer token to test the bridge.

5. Update your identity provider configuration with the new bearer token.

> ### Updating your SCIM bridge in the Azure Cloud Shell

Reviewer: As mentioned above, this should be an H2 and it should be above the troubleshooting section.

Author: Moved Update your SCIM bridge section above Get Help section in latest commit.

5. Make note of the upload destination, then click **Complete**.

### Step 2: Download and edit the `workspace-settings.json` file

1. Run the following command for your shell to get the `./google-workspace/workspace-settings.json` file.
    - **Bash**:
    ```bash
    curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/solutions/main/azure-container-apps/google-workspace/workspace-settings.json --output workspace-settings.json --silent
    ```
    - **PowerShell**:
    ```pwsh
    Invoke-RestMethod -Uri `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1Password/scim-examples/solutions/main/azure-container-apps/google-workspace/workspace-settings.json -OutFile workspace-settings.json
    ```
2. Edit the following in the .json file:
    - **Actor**: Enter the email address of the Google Workspace administrator for the service account.
    - **Bridge Address**: Enter your SCIM bridge domain. This is the Application URL for your Container App, found on the overview page (not your 1Password account sign-in address). For example: `https://scim.example.com`.
3. Save the file.

> ### Step 3: Create your Google Workspace secrets and update your SCIM bridge deployment

Author: We originally had it this way, but this brought the number the steps down, (but forces admins to use VI or nano). It is a toss up either way, but I am always in favour or less steps.

- **Low cost:** For standard deployments, the service will host your SCIM bridge for ~$16 USD/month (as of January 2024). Container Apps pricing is variable based on activity, and you can learn more on [Microsoft's pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/container-apps/).
- **Automatic DNS record management:** You don't need to manage a DNS record. Azure Container Apps automatically provides a unique one for your SCIM bridge domain.
- **Automatic TLS certificate management:** Azure Container Apps automatically handles TLS certificate management on your behalf.
- **Multiple deployment options:** The SCIM bridge can be deployed directly to Azure from the Portal using [this guide](README.md) or via the Azure Shell or command line tools in your local terminal using the [support guide](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-azure/). If you're using a custom deployment, cloning this repository is recommended.

**Table of contents:**

- [Resource recommendations](#resource-recommendations)
- [Customize your deployment](#customize-your-deployment)

> - [Update your SCIM bridge](#updating-your-azure-container-app-scim-bridge)

Reviewer: To match my suggestion below:

```suggestion
- [Update your SCIM bridge](#update-your-scim-bridge)
```

4. Add a new **Environment variable**, using the **name** of `OP_DEBUG`, the **source** of **Manual entry** and enter `1` for the **value**
5. Click **Save**, then click **Create**.

This may be useful for troubleshooting, or when contacting 1Password Support.
</details>

### Trace logs

<details>
<summary>Set the environment variable `OP_TRACE` to `1` to enable trace level debug output in the logs:</summary>

```bash
az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge --set-env-vars OP_TRACE=1
```

To update within the Azure Portal: 

1. Within Container App from the [Azure Container Apps Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps), select **Containers** from the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**.
3. Select the checkbox next to your **op-scim-bridge** container, then choose **Edit**.
4. Add a new **Environment variable**, using the **name** of `OP_TRACE`, the **source** of **Manual entry** and enter `1` for the **value**
5. Click **Save**, then click **Create**.

This may be useful for troubleshooting issues.
</details>

> ## Updating your Azure Container App SCIM bridge

Reviewer: This can be simplified since the article context implies the first part:

```suggestion
## Update your SCIM bridge
```
